hey guys welcome to my channel and
welcome to Moscow today I'm gonna teach
you English right from here we're in
Moscow City and I have a radio show
coming up in a couple of minutes but
you're gonna see it we're gonna talk
about language talk about American
accent so if you're interested please
continue watching this video
back in San Francisco
[Music]
today I'm broadcasting on a real radio
station Moscow and guess what it's gonna
be in English so you can tune in and
listen to what I say ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls of all ages it
is the final hour of the breakfast show
with miss Tina miles and mr. DJ T that's
right we have our second guest for today
in the studio it's marina McGill Kahoot
is the lingua blogger entrepreneur and
also a very cute lady thank you so much
and first of all let us know and let our
audience know what you are doing there
are so many things you do actually just
I would like you to talk about it oh
yeah I know a lot of stuff so I run a
company we have 55 employees it's got
language RHIB calm with some people
abroad to study languages and I also run
three YouTube blogs I have more than 1
million followers
when blog is marina McGill Cohen Russian
another is lingual marina it's in
English it's about studying languages
and another one is brand-new called
Silicon Valley girl about business and
Silicon Valley so but you made your way
to the US now you live in San Francisco
as you mentioned before exactly yeah
so back in 2015 we raised capital for
our company and a VC fund in Silicon
Valley invited us to come over and move
to Colorado and it's so cool what
happened in Silicon Valley like how did
that for how did that move your life
forward it changed everything so when we
were in Russia were small startup
willing to raise money nobody gave us
money because everybody thought we're
not doing a good thing and then we just
raised $100,000 imagine like a hundred
thousand dollars for a small startup
before people that changed our lives we
go press we got money with clients is a
game changer
I wanted to talk to you about your blog
so what are some of the common questions
people have because you have this
lingual blog for all the English
learners right so what are some of the
things that people are interested in
they're interested in getting an
American accent this is always asked
like how do I speak like an American and
a lot of videos about it like feel
relaxed smile like these things help
them how to move to America how to move
to Silicon Valley because there are a
lot of people who want to start their
own company and move it to America where
your leaders are mostly about for
Russian people learning English or do
you also do some leaders for foreigners
traveling to Russia
yeah actually two of my channels are in
English so they are mostly for people
speaking English already and mostly like
from 85 different countries they're very
international now what do you enjoy more
being an entrepreneur or kind of being
like a blogger who kind of writes about
our experiences which one do you do I
mean I know they're both equally
fascinating to you but which one do you
take more time which one does it takes
more effort I guess right now blogs take
more time but I also feel that business
is something where I can translate my
ideas onto people like you have to
travel you have to learn languages and I
either talked about that on my channel
or I physically don't like physically
take people from one country to another
right do you have any examples of people
who followed your advice and their
dreams came true oh yeah we have we have
Harvard MBAs we have people study in MIT
we have people who started their own
companies and gone through Y Combinator
like this is so exciting this is the
most exciting thing about everything I
do
hearing back from people how they
achieve their dreams that this makes me
even cry sometimes must be addictive you
know like after you achieve your dreams
to kind of help people achieve their
exactly is that kind of the motivation
that you get out of it like what are you
getting at this was exactly that what
dragged me through the process when we
couldn't raise money in Russian it was
like everybody hates her idea what do I
do but then I heard back from my clients
came back from those trips and like wow
Marina changed my life and I'm like yeah
this gives me going yeah how to get an
American accent not to me this is an
unbelievably difficult question how do
you answer people when they
I have a whole series of videos on that
but I think it's really important to
relax because our brain is used to the
way we speak like I used to speak with a
Russian accent and when I started to
mimic American accent my brain was like
marina what are you doing stop acting
like a kollel and you speak with a
Russian accent stick with it so first
thing relax and really think that people
are gonna understand you better if you
speak with an American accent and second
thing don't think that people are gonna
judge you because sometimes we're like
oh my god I'm speaking with the RO Knox
and he's gonna he's gonna judge me don't
think about it just just relax mm-hmm so
basically the idea is to parrot like the
videos or of your favorite speakers for
example yes I know and don't be guilty
about it yeah I love to mimic my
favorite characters from TV shows on a
lot of American TV shows Sex in the City
was my favorite has anybody ever called
you out on being like a Sex in the City
character like were you for like well
you sound a lot like Miranda from Sex in
the City and you're like oh no actually
this is just me no really but now they
tell me I sound like the valley girl
which is not the best
listen let's talk about some of the
common mistakes that people make in the
English language in your opinion there
are a lot of them I can talk about like
maybe abbreviations and as people just
don't understand what LMK means they're
like yes and idioms as well sometimes
like I'm all ears
and people like what do you mean by
being all ears let's go with the vision
looks good studies so what are some of
the common abbreviations lol laughing
out loud oh yeah oh yeah like what does
that mean yeah so you have to learn all
of them yeah like all of them s ASAP as
soon as possible especially when you are
doing business communications you have
to know that sure what we're adjusting
to life in America
cuz you moved from st. Petersburg to San
Francisco alright correct yeah exactly
and you have people who are Russian and
they want to travel they want to move to
the US what are some of the things that
they ask you about like how to adjust
what are their concerned medical care is
a big problem in America compared to
Russia because Russia it's free for
everyone in America you have to pay and
everybody's like wow you have to bake
yeah that's number one second finds out
once I get my car got my cart out from
my own home because I bought in the
wrong spot yeah and it cost me $600 Oh
animation language not even the food
people are just like how do I get my car
back exactly exactly there are those
small things that you have to get used
to
[Music]
when did you get your accent when you
see when you move two weeks oh my god
max and first when I went to Great
Britain for two weeks when I was 14 I
was like oh my god i love this accent
and i used to speak with a British
accent then when I was 28 I came to 21 I
came to Canada and I ordered a hot
coffee in Starbucks and they and they
gave me cold because it's hot coffee
it's not that's what inspired yeah yeah
that's when I started converting outside
I just wonder like how to its star like
yeah because maybe some mix Russian plus
British yeah whatever
hot this cup it's like oh you been hold
cuz I thought you meant cold it's the
camera breakfast and right now we have a
special guest Marina my Gilligan who is
a language blogger a traveler and also
an entrepreneur so lots of things he
does a couple of minutes ago we talked
about developing an American accent and
we've got a comment coming from Ramon
and I wanted to know your opinion on
that so he says I developed my American
accent by singing also help things like
trying to reproduce the speech exactly
as I heard you and watching TV series
and YouTube channels one more stuff is
learning the diversity of essence and
exercise when you first train hard and
exaggerate your accident then relax so
he said it worked for him and act a lot
of people abroad thought music which is
interesting
yes it's singing really good advice sing
along to your favorite singer and try to
mimic him and also what I did when I
watch TV shows
I just stopped them and they tried to
reply to a favorite character using the
accent to copy replied I kind of replied
oh my god I asked my mama
yeah and ask my mom if that's normal and
she says if you're talking to yourself
that's normal but if you're talking to
somebody else I'm a little weird I'll
just continue for we've got another
question coming from Ramon so he is
asking what is the most weird or ugly
American accent or which is one which
one is the most difficult to become I
think there are so many access but when
I watch TV shows when we're talking
about Central America yeah they're so
tough
like East Coast and West Coast we meet a
lot of people watch a lot of TV shows or
movies by those characters but Central
America is where they become you would
like specific accent requests like I
want to learn how to talk like a
Southern California only this postal
code like people come up to you like
specific American accents or engineer
yeah I think we've got another call it's
not a question but it's a comment from
the capital isn't it Addie who says this
is such an interest in coincident
actually I know Maria's YouTube channel
and after her points firing tons of
people to learn English and getting out
of love that's what a true interpreter
does cutest - marina keep up the game
you think so mine what's the future hold
for you we have a lot of projects going
on all the time the nearest project is
English language fest in Moscow which is
going to take place on the 9th of
September it's called lingo fest the web
says lingual fast are you and we're
gonna invite a lot of native speakers a
lot of people who speak good English a
lot of teachers we're just gonna talk
about living a life in English because I
always say that language is not
something you learn something you live
in yeah you listen to music you travel
you watch TV shows you surf from the
internet all in English and people if
you want to get more information about
that how do they how do they contact you
how do they get more information about
yeah its lingua fest are you or they can
just follow me on instagram lingual
marina i post a lot about that and you
also have a project called fluent dog
express can you tell us a little bit
more about it
yeah that's an another project solving
my problem so this is where you upload
your text in broken English like your
translated in your head and then you
have native speakers instantly
correcting the
because sometimes I write to investors
and then it check what I've said and I'm
like Oh Mike did I make that mistake and
sometimes we just translate everything
in our had from our own language and
that doesn't make sense for a native
speaker and we realized that the only
way to solve this problem is to connect
non-native speakers with native speakers
so they can correct instantly what I
love about this guys if you don't know
there's somebody always there 24 hours
excise and they are speakers sleeping in
the bed ready to wake up and fix your
question yeah well thank you marina for
coming to visit us today we wish you the
best of thank you thank you so much and
you know they could put a good one out
there for capital man yeah I would I
would've course thank you my pleasure
okay nice meeting you guys
[Music]
[Applause]